Improve formulation of master branch description (#462)
lab-cosmo/metatensor: CONTRIBUTING.rst

Contribution via pull requests are always welcome. Source code is available from
`Github`_. Before submitting a pull request, please open an issue to discuss

> your changes. Use only the `master` branch as target branch when submitting a pull request (PR).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
your changes. Use only the `master` branch as the target branch when submitting a pull request (PR).
```

Author: Thanks Joe!

Contribution via pull requests are always welcome. Source code is available from
`Github`_. Before submitting a pull request, please open an issue to discuss

> your changes. Use only `master` as target branch when submitting a
> pull requests.

Reviewer 2: How about this?

```suggestion
your changes. Use only the `master` branch as target branch when submitting a pull request (PR).
```

Author: Yes, even better. Thanks!
